[Shiki] Now that we're here,
you're closer to Homura!
I'm taking you to her no matter what!
[Rebecca] Ta-da! I have my own
Ether Gear now like you guys.
[growls furiously]
[dramatic music playing]
[Homura] Someone as disgusting as you,
deserves to be disciplined
by Valkyrie's sword.
[slam]
Thanks, Teacher…
[Homura] Even after death,
you found a way to save my life.
[intense, dramatic music playing]
The Kurenai Dragoon is not about to
fall to the likes of one pathetic human!
-[alarm blaring]
-[gasps]
[Kurenai] Drakken Joe's ship is here!
Damn brat!
I can't afford to waste any more
of my time on you than I already have.
Not when I still have to punish
Drakken Joe for stealing my Crimson Eye!
Increase output to max capacity!
Show your true power…
[mechanical whirring]
…Kurenai Dragoon!
[blast]
[grunts]
-[Shiki] Whoa!
-[crash]
[intense music playing]
Your aim is worse than your haircut!
[chuckles] Or was I just creating
the perfect opportunity
-so I could lock on to you?
-[beeping]
-[beep]
-You're good as dead!
[Kurenai] Queen Nova…
…fire!
[gasps]
[whooshing]
[ominous music sting]
["FOREVER" by L'Arc-en-Ciel playing]
SOMEONE TO LOVE
You can run all you want,
but Queen Nova
never allows its target to escape.
[whooshing]
[grunts]
[Shiki] That just means
I have to work a little harder,
and use some fancy maneuvers of my own!
[explosion]
How's that for a great escape?
[crash]
[yelps]
[intense music continues]
[Kurenai] Your efforts are useless.
It won't stop until
it makes impact with its target.
I got an idea!
-[gasps]
-[thud]
-So, what if I do this?
-Brat!
If you plan to dodge
at the last moment again,
then it's no use!
Kurenai Dragoon's armor is too thick
to be pierced by its own weapons!
But I was able to damage it
with my bare fist.
[Kurenai gasps]
[gasps in horror]
[Shiki] I'm not dodging 'em this time!
[whooshing]
-[stomp]
-[Shiki] I'm using them for more power!
He caught the Queen Nova
with his bare hands?!
No! He's holding it back with gravity!
[electricity crackling]
[screaming]
-[clang]
-[Kurenai] Why didn't I think of that?!
He's converting the missile's
kinetic energy to gravity!
Let's see how much weight
the Kurenai Dragoon can endure!
This can't be happening!
My dragoon is supposed to be invincible!
[intense music continues]
[Shiki] Magimech Attack…
[whooshing]
Gravity Impact!
MAGIMECH ATTACK GRAVITY IMPACT
[battle cry
[explosion]
Bu-- But how…
This was my trump card.
It was supposed to be the ultimate weapon.
[anguished cry]
[seething]
[Kurenai] Please, have mercy on me!
I surrender!
[rapid gunfire]
-Hold on.
-[men] Huh?
[Paul] There's something's wrong
with the punishers!
[punishers powering down]
[Eger] They shut down?
Oh yeah!
Victory is ours!
[Nino] Only anime can save the universe.
[machine beeping]
But if I do this,
I might be able to save a few people.
[chuckles]
[crowd cheering]
-[crowd clapping]
-I don't understand. What happened?
-[Rebecca] Nino shut them down for us.
-Hmm? [gasps]
You mean that otaku guy?
He was kinda creepy.
[Pino] Nino is a famous B-Cuber.
[Happy] Well, I found his passion
for anime to be endearing.
Forgive me for taking so long.
Had I found the strength inside of me
to move forward sooner,
we might have been able
to prevent some of this damage.
It's okay, you don't need to apologize.
-[Homura] But I--
-[Van] Seriously!?
-[Yak] Look over there!
-[all] Huh?
-Hey, guys!
-[Rebecca and Happy] Shiki!
-Why are you half-naked?!
-Master!
This was Valkyrie's final wish, wasn't it?
[gasps]
[groans]
To reunite you with the mother
who abandoned you.
It's Madame Kurenai!
What's she doing here?
And why is she so hot?
[gasps]
Homura.
You're my mother…?
-[crowd murmurs]
-[hunter 1] That kid captured her?
[hunter 2]
You've got to be kidding me, right?
Good job, young man.
Now we can all finally
bring her down together.
This is for Valkyrie, you crooked hag!
[hunter 1] Everything you put us through
in this miserable labor camp of yours.
Start begging for mercy!
You, you lived off
of our blood, sweat, and tears!
-I'm gonna enjoy this…
-Get off me!
[Shiki] Hold on a second.
We have to do the right thing
and let Homura decide her fate.
-[gasps]
-[crowd] What?
[hunter] Why should we do that?
[Pino] Oh.
This kid is the only reason
that Madame Kurenai
was brought here in the first place.
I think it's safe to say that he's earned
the right to choose how she's punished.
Seriously?
[Paul] Besides, Homura
was Lady Valkyrie's number one apprentice
and Madame Kurenai's daughter.
[gasps]
There is no one more worthy
of deciding her fate.
[grunts] Yeah, but we got a bone to pick.
No, I understand.
-We'll leave that to Homura.
-But, sir…
[Eger] My only request is that her fate
involves severe punishment.
Any show of compassion
would be disrespectful.
Only If you agree to follow
this one condition of mine,
will we allow it. Okay, gentleman?
-[hesitant murmuring]
-[man] Fine, then.
[elegiac music playing]
Homura…
You look just like me
when I was around your age.
You've grown so much.
Would you untie me so I can hug you?
I've missed you so much, dear.
[grunts softly]
Aren't you happy to see
your real mother again, Homura?
I'm sorry, you're probably
still upset at me for leaving you.
Just know that you were always in my heart
and I've thought about you
every day since then.
[beeping]
Huh?
[Kurenai] What is that thing?
And why does it look so filthy?
[young Homura]
It's important cuz my mom gave it to me.
I always bring it wherever I go.
That way, my mom can find me again.
[Homura] Do you not remember this?
Huh? Of course I do… It's, um…
It's the only thing I have left,
that connects you and I.
But it seems even that one connection
has been severed.
[alarmed] Wait, Homura!
What are you doing?!
Calm down and think about this logically!
Don't let these jaded men
tell you what to do!
I'm your mother!
No, please, Homura!
Help me! I don't want to die like this!
I'm sure everyone you slaughtered
here in the labor camps
felt this same fear
in their final moments alive.
[screams]
No!
[intense music climaxing]
[swift slash]
[music fades]
[gasps]
Homura!
You forgive me after everything I've done?
Oh, what a kind young lady
you've grown up to be!
I cannot forgive you for what you've done.
[Kurenai] Huh?
[Homura] But it doesn't mean
that you're unforgivable.
I simply have no interest in you anymore.
[gasps]
You have my thanks
for giving birth to me.
I'm truly grateful.
However, I have no feelings
toward you beyond that.
There is no place in my heart for you.
My teacher believed I needed a mother,
which is why she went to find you,
but she couldn't have been more wrong.
Now that I've met you,
I know what I needed
wasn't a mother at all.
What I desperately needed,
was someone who loved me.
-[gasps softly]
-[Homura] You might be my mother,
but you abandoned me and never once
even tried to find me again.
Yet a complete stranger,
with the body of a machine, took me in
and cared for me as if I were her own.
She was more of a mother
than you ever could've been for me.
Because Valkyrie was someone I loved,
someone I desperately needed
to have in my life.
And so,
I have no anger, hatred,
or sympathy toward you as my mother.
This is your punishment.
You must leave this planet,
never to return again.
-[Homura] And please…
-[Kurenai gasps]
…I ask from the bottom of my heart,
that you remain out of my life forever.
I don't want to see your face again.
Is that understood?
[whimpering]
[sobbing]
[Kurenai panting]
Who knew my daughter was so stupid?
[laughs]
Did she think I would have
a change of heart after all that nonsense?
-[man] There you are!
-[thuds]
[groans]
[grunts]
[grunting weakly]
'Sup, bitch.
I was worried I wouldn't see you again.
That voice! Is that…?
[dramatic music playing]
[Kurenai whimpering]
Grab her.
Hey now! She's way hotter
than you made her out to be.
For real!
Stop! Unhand me!
Do you have any idea
who you're dealing w--?
[loud clang]
[crowd chuckling]
[Cedric] Yeah, I don't really care.
From here on out, you're our little pet
and if you behave, you might get to speak.
But only if we give you permission.
Right, Madame Kurenai?
[underling] You're not pulling
any punches here, are you, Cedric?
Don't do this.
[Cedric, mocking] "Don't do this…"
[crowd laughs]
[Kurenai] No!
-[beating continues]
-[crowd laughs]
[dramatic music climaxes and fades]
[gentle music playing]
[Homura] If this stuffed animal
is my only connection to my real mother,
then it belongs here with you
You were my teacher,
my best friend, and my mother.
You cared for me.
Thank you for all you've done for me.
I love you.
[Xiaomei]
Thanks to Shiki and the crew's help,
the people
in Planet Sun Jewel's labor camp
had regained their stolen freedom.
Many of the laborers began
working freely under a new regime
that quickly came into place
after the rebellion.
Don't worry, they were paid
handsomely for their work.
This planet became well-known
among adventurers
as a famous treasure-hunting spot,
and enjoyed a long period of prosperity.
I'm sorry, I have a tendency to reveal
more about the future than I should.
Let's turn back time for a second.
After the spectacular fight
with Madame Kurenai,
Shiki returned to the Edens Zero
and shared the news of Valkyrie's death
to the remaining Four Shining Stars.
[sobbing]
[sobbing] Moscoy!
Mos, Mos, Moscoy, Mos, Mos--
Moos…!
Why didn't you bring
Valkyrie's body back to the ship?
We had no choice.
[Homura] Teacher had become a symbol
of hope for the people of Sun Jewel.
-[Sister grunts]
-[thud]
Like I give a shit.
She belongs here with us!
[Sister] There's a chance
we could've fixed her.
Hell, I probably could've fixed her
had you brought her back!
I know what we can do!
All of our thoughts,
memories and personalities
are backed up in the Edens Zero
cloud storage.
We can restore them
and build Valkyrie again from scratch.
But then it would be
a different Valkyrie than we knew.
Her memory and personality
would be the same.
And what's so different about that?
It still isn't enough,
there's so much more to it.
[grunts]
There are certain types
of neurotransmitters,
such as endorphins and dopamine
that cannot be restored.
[Witch] In other words,
while her core memories would remain,
her euphoric experiences she shared
with Homura would be lost.
[Sister]
That's still better than her being dead!
[Witch] She's already dead.
[Sister] What's the point
of having a backup, then?
[Witch] The backups are there to repair
unforeseen errors or partial damage.
[Sister scoffs]
[Witch] They should not be used
to deny death.
Shiki, help me out!
[Sister] You get final say on this ship.
So hurry up and convince
this heartless witch to revive Valkyrie!
I'd love to try and help out,
but I didn't understand a word
of what you guys just said.
What the heck is an "endorstage"
supposed to be?
What?
Master, the words endorphins
and cloud storage are different things.
[Shiki] I'll leave the complicated stuff
like that to you guys.
However, I do know
what Grandpa used to tell me.
[Demon King] Believe it or not, Shiki,
machines experience death
just like humans do.
But because we have death,
we can appreciate the importance of life.
The value that we put on life
may differ though,
since we machines and humans
don't have similar lifespans.
Even so, if we both
live our lives to the fullest,
then our hearts will outlive us.
[grunts]
Going off that,
I think we have to accept
what happened to Valkyrie.
The death of a friend is also proof
that they once lived
with all their heart, like you and me.
[grunts softly]
[Homura] I agree with Shiki.
We have to move forward
to honor her memory.
[Homura] Bringing her back
would be an insult to her sacrifice.
And If we need
all Four Shining Stars to head to Mother,
then so be it,
I will become the new Valkyrie.
[poignant music playing]
[Shiki] You'll do what?
Wait a sec,
don't you have to be an android
to be one of the Four Shining Stars?
[Hermit] There's no rule
saying a human can't be.
Moscoy…
[Rebecca]
You'll get to be a star someday, Mosco.
You are far too kind.
Thank you, Homura.
[Homura] I don't know if I could ever
replace what Teacher was to everyone,
but still, if it was Valkyrie's mission
to help send this ship to Mother,
then I accept this--
-[Sister] It wasn't a mission.
-Hmm?
We finished our duties 15 years ago.
We're all joined here now
by our own free will.
This is my choice.
[Sister scoffs]
[Rebecca] Sister, wait!
Please, give me a moment
to go and talk with her.
[Shiki] Welcome aboard, Valkyrie!
-Huh?
-Are you gonna take up her torch?
Yeah, but I'm not nearly worthy enough
to be able to use Teacher's name!
Fine, then how about
just using a different name?
That's perfect!
It's only right the new Valkyrie
gets a new name.
What do you think, Homura?
Wait, that's such a good idea
for a new video!
I think Valkyrie II or Valkyrie Jr.
would be an extraordinary
new name for her.
Yeah, thanks Pino, but no.
I know! Homukyrie.
Anything but that!
Something… like Vahomukyrie?
Stop combining the two!
A big platter of Valkyrie,
with a side of juicy Homura.
[Rebecca] We're not ordering food.
Homura.
-[all] Hmm?
-[Mosco] Mos?
[Hermit] Valkyrie is gone.
So why not use your real name? I like it.
[gasps]
It's been decided then,
Mosco is to be the next Valkyrie.
Maybe next time, Mosco.
-Here's my idea for her new costume!
-Whoa!
[Pino] Sudden increase
of male adrenaline detected
from Master Shiki and professor Weisz.
-You expect me to wear that outfit?
-[Weisz] Yeah, put it on!
[Rebecca] You guys are the worst!
[static]
[Drakken Joe] A decoy, huh?
Tricky. Well played, Edens Zero.
The ship we've been following
was a hologram?
This has to be a joke, right?
But when did they swap places?
It may have been a ploy from the start.
Either way, they anticipated our arrival.
Guess they're a bit smarter
than we thought.
[Maria] Well, since they got away,
what do you want to do now?
[chuckles]
I think I have an idea
of where they're going.
[Witch] It seems we lost
that giant warship.
It's funny,
who knew they would fall for something
so comically simple as a decoy.
She used to love coming up to this deck,
and watching the stars for hours.
[Witch] Yes.
[Sister]
And when she got injured in battle,
I would always be waiting here to fix her.
[Witch] Yes.
[Sister] I had no idea
it was this painful to lose a friend.
[Witch] Yes.
Can you at least pretend
to act like you give a shit?
[gasps]
[poignant music playing]
[Witch] I always envied that about Hermit.
She's not afraid to cry and be honest.
I thought that maybe we could be
like that too if we were alone.
-[cries softly]
-[Witch] What do you think?
[both crying]
[poignant music rising]
[both continue crying]
[Xiaomei] From witnessing Shiki
set off on his grand journey
to the birth of a new shining star
aboard the Edens Zero,
we've seen quite a lot.
I think an intermission is long overdue.
Don't worry, there's still more adventures
to look forward to for Shiki and his crew.
Like the Edens Zero being chased
by the Oración Seis Galáctica
and the battle with Drakken Joe.
And the true identity of Captain Connor,
who muttered about being
the captain of Edens One.
We still don't know if the Edens Zero
will be able to successfully
break through Dragonfall
and reach Mother like they planned.
You don't want to miss
the next exciting chapter of this story.
Trust me, I've seen it.
I'm glad you came.
And this isn't a farewell.
We'll see each other again soon.
And when the time comes that we do,
I will have plenty more stories
to share with you all.
Stay safe until our next adventure.
["Sekai no Himitsu" by Sayuri playing]
[Shiki] I wish you could see it, Grandpa.
You wouldn't believe
how many new friends I made!
[chuckles]
Rebecca, Happy, Weisz, Pino, Homura,
Witch, Sister, Hermit, Mosco, Captain.
And Valkyrie.
Not bad, right?
I'm that much closer
to making 100 friends!
And I didn't forget.
We're heading to the place
you couldn't reach in time.
Next stop, Mother!
Ready or not, here we come!
[Mother] And so the children
set off on their journey.
I wonder, what change
will they bring to the universe?
Will Shiki become
the legendary hero he wants to be?
Or will he bring about destruction
as the new Demon King?
Only time will tell for certain.
He must walk forward on his own two feet.
[epic music playing]